Refine the taxidata README file (#68)
streamnative/examples: nyctaxi/taxidata/README.md

> The `taxidata` tool supports ingesting green/yellow NYC Taxi data to a Pulsar topic to serve as an example dataset. To obtain a data URL, right-click the data record and choose **Copy Link Address**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `taxidata` tool supports ingesting green or yellow NYC Taxi data to a Pulsar topic to serve as an example dataset. To obtain a data URL, right-click the data record and choose **Copy Link Address**.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/110749060-8e01c100-827b-11eb-972d-865def84269b.png)

For more details about the dataset, see [TLC Trip Record Data](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/tlc/about/tlc-trip-record-data.page).

## Setup

> - Prepare a working Pulsar cluster. For details about how to create a Pulsar cluster through the `pulsar-admin` tool, see [Create Pulsar Cluster](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/pulsar-admin/#create).

Author: > Since this example is designed to be used with SN Cloud, shouldn't we point people to the SN Cloud documentation here?

Thanks. I will update the link to the SN cloud documentation. Thanks

- Build the `taxidata` tool.

  1. Clone this repository from GitHub to your local computer.

		```bash
		git clone https://github.com/streamnative/examples
		cd examples/nyctaxi/taxidata
		```

  2. Build the `taxidata` tool.

		```bash
		go build
		```

## Usage

This section describes `taxidata` configurations and gives an example about how to use the `taxidata` tool to load data to Pulsar topics. 

### Configurations

This table lists parameters available for the `taxidata` command.

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `--dataType` | Type of data to ingest, available values: `green`, `yellow` or `both`| `both` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--dataType` | Type of data to ingest. Available values are `green`, `yellow`, or `both`| `both` |
```

> | `--greenDataUrl` | URL to get the green Taxi data | https://s3.amazonaws.com/nyc-tlc/trip+data/green_tripdata_2019-01.csv |

Reviewer: double check: is `https://s3.amazonaws.com/nyc-tlc/trip+data/green_tripdata_2019-01.csv` the default value rather than an example value?

Author: is the default value

> | `--maxRecordNumber` | Maximum number of message to ingest, if not specified will ingest whole record set. | 10000 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--maxRecordNumber` | Maximum number of messages to ingest. If it is not specified, the whole recordset is ingested. | 10000 |
```

> | `--maxRecordNumber` | Maximum number of message to ingest, if not specified will ingest whole record set. | 10000 |

Reviewer 2: If it's not required to keep consistent with code, we can change the description.

| `--pulsarUrl` | URL to connect to the Pulsar cluster | N/A|

> | `--speed` | Speed for ingestion as number of message/second. The `speed` parameter is used to specify the maximum ingestion speed. The actual ingestion rate depends on your network conditions. | 100 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--speed` | Speed for ingestion for the number of messages sent per second. The `speed` parameter is used to specify the maximum ingestion speed. The actual ingestion rate depends on your network conditions. | 100 |
```

| `--topicNameGreen` | Topic to ingest green Taxi data to | `taxidata-green` |
| `--topicNameYellow` | Topic to ingest yellow Taxi data to | `taxidata-yellow` |
| `--verbose` | Log data | `false` |
| `--yellowDataUrl` | URL to get the yellow Taxi data | https://s3.amazonaws.com/nyc-tlc/trip+data/yellow_tripdata_2019-01.csv) |

This table lists authentication parameters supported by the `taxidata` tool.

| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `--auth-plugin` | The plugin for plugin authentication |

Reviewer 2: The authentication method for the plugin?

Author: no, the plugin used for the plugin authentication method.

| `--auth-params` | The parameters for plugin authentication |
| `--token` | The token for token authentication |
| `--token-file` | The file with a token for token authentication |
| `--tls-cert-file` | The file with a TLS certificate for TLS authentication |
| `--tls-key-file` | The file with a TLS private key for TLS authentication |
| `--oauth2-issuer` | The issuer endpoint for OAuth2 authentication |
| `--oauth2-audience` | The audience identifier for OAuth2 authentication |
| `--oauth2-key-file` | The file with client credentials for OAuth2 authentication |

### Examples

> This example shows how to use the `taxidata` tool to ingest both green and yellow NYC Taxi data to topics `public/default/taxidata-green` and `public/default/taxidata-yellow` in StreamNative Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use the `taxidata` tool to ingest both green and yellow NYC Taxi data to the `public/default/taxidata-green` and `public/default/taxidata-yellow` topics in StreamNative Cloud.
```

1. Create a Pulsar cluster through [StreamNative Cloud Manager](https://console.streamnative.cloud/login). For details, see [Create Pulsar Cluster](https://docs.streamnative.io/cloud/stable/use/cluster#create-cluster-through-streamnative-cloud-manager).

2. Create a service account with the super-admin permission for the cluster and download the key file of the service account to your local computer. For details, see [Work with service account](https://docs.streamnative.io/cloud/stable/managed-access/service-account#work-with-service-account-through-streamnative-cloud-manager).

3. Create a Flink cluster. For details, see [Create Flink cluster](https://docs.streamnative.io/cloud/stable/compute/flink-sql.md#create-flink-cluster). The Flink cluster is associated with the Pulsar cluster.

4. Connect to the Pulsar cluster through the OAuth2 authentication plugin.

	```bash
	taxidata \
	--oauth2-issuer https://auth.streamnative.cloud  \
	--oauth2-audience urn:sn:pulsar:pulsar-namespace-name:pulsar-instance-name \

> 	--oauth2-key-file /absolute path/to/key/file.json \

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	--oauth2-key-file /path/to/key/file.json \
```

This formulation is more typical.  Also I sincerely do not believe the path need be absolute, despite your experience the other day.

	--pulsarUrl BROKER_SERVICE_URL
	```

5. Load the NYC Taxi data to the `public/default/greenTaxi` and `public/default/yellowTaxi` topics in StreamNative Cloud.

	```bash
	taxidata \
	--topicNameGreen public/default/greenTaxi \
	--topicNameYellow public/default/yellowTaxi \
	--oauth2-issuer https://auth.streamnative.cloud  \
	--oauth2-audience urn:sn:pulsar:pulsar-namespace-name:pulsar-instance-name \

> 	--oauth2-key-file /absolute path/to/key/file.json \

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	--oauth2-key-file /path/to/key/file.json \
```

Author: I will change this to `path/to/key/file` in this document.. But from my experience, when I connect to the Pulsar cluster through pulsar-admin, pulsar-client, pulsarctl, snctl, or taxidata CLI tool, the command cannot be successfully issued unless I change this path is an absolute path. I don't know why. Maybe we can figure it out later

	--pulsarUrl BROKER_SERVICE_URL
	```

6. Submit one or more FLink SQL query jobs through the StreamNative Cloud Manager.

   1. On the left pane of the StreamNative Cloud Manager, click **SQL**.

>    2. Select the Flink database (Flink cluster) and Flink catalog (Pulsar cluster).

Reviewer: Need to bold "Flink database (Flink cluster)" and "Flink catalog (Pulsar cluster)"?

Author: no need, because is not an icon or a button name.

   3. Select the `public/default` table.

>    4. Write one or more SQL statements on the **SQL Editor** window and click then **Run**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Write one or more SQL statements on the **SQL Editor** window and click **Run**.
```
